Congratulations
guys! Well done on mastering Blender's interface, and well done for
getting to the end of the first section! I know when I first mastered
Blender's interface it was amazing the sense of relief, as suddenly
there wasn't this how do I use this or what's all this bewildering stuff
going about! It's a great relief and congratulations getting this far!
OK, so what's next? Well first of all, I want to make
sure that you guys are in the habit of saving your work regularly, that's very important
and making sure you've got a descent folder structure on your computer.
So I would suggest, I'm not going to make you,
I would suggest that you guys create a folder called Blender on
on your computer and perhaps in your documents, and in that
put Section 1, a folder for Section 1, and put all of the things you do in Section 1.
And then, when we move on to Section 2, 3, etc. make folders for that as well,
so you keep your work all in one place, so it's easy to find.
Now I'll also stress that Blender itself can be unstable at times, depending
on your computer setup and everything else, so make sure you save regularly. And
make sure you've got a backup of your work as well, and then, we'll go into
details of how you can do that, in the next section. Speaking of the
next section, we're going to be jumping into it very shortly. I would ask
one final thing of you and that's that you remember to share your work.
It is so important, not only for me as a teacher to see how you guys are getting on,
the other thing is it inspires not only myself
but the other students, the new ones coming to the course. If they can see
what they're getting themselves into, they're going to be excited and inspired to continue,
and that's what we want. We've got a community here that we want to bring together
and actually excel ourselves using Blender. So
what I'd like you to do now, without any hesitation, is actually jump straight
on into the next section. That is so important to just get in there and
continue on, and I will see you guys in that next section!
Take care!